summary comparisons
summarizer.py summaries:

ILTUR_CJPE:1984_109
The High Court Judges Conditions of Service Act, 1954, as amended shall be read down as under, in para 10 of the First Schedule, the words and who has retired on or after the 1st day of October, 1974 are unconstitutional and are struck down.

ILTUR_CJPE:1982_82
a Judge of the High Court of Punjab and Haryana and retired on March 18, 1980 on attaining the age of 62 years. On the date of retirement the respondent claimed that he was entitled to receive the cash equivalent of leave salary in respect of the period of unutilised earned leave. On the date of retirement the respondent had to his credit earned leave which had number been availed of by him. On the date of retirement the respondent had to his credit earned leave which had number been availed of by him.

ILTUR_CJPE:1984_108
in the case ofbidhubhushan malik and others v. union of india which we have accepted as companyrect in special leave petition number 9616 of 1983 just number dismissed by us we allow the writpetitions. the judges of the high companyrt and of the supremecourt will be entitled to the pensionary benefits under theamended act of 1976 irrespective of the dates of theirretirement. 1974.

ILTUR_CJPE:2014_133
of the State Judicial Service, 1954. The petitioners have prayed that the number of years practiced as an advocate shall be taken into account and shall be added to their service for the purposes of their pension? The petitioners have prayed that the number of years practiced as an advocate shall be taken into account and shall be added to the service as a Judge of the High Court for the purposes of their pension?


ILTUR_CJPE:2012_544
the Government of Maharashtra drafted the Maharashtra Retired High Court Judges Facilities for Medical Treatment Rules, 2006, pursuant to the order dated 17.07. 2006 of the Bombay High Court directing the Government of Maharashtra to frame rules for medical treatment and reimbursement of retired Judges.

test_summarizer_raw.py summaries:
===== ILTUR_CJPE:1984_109 =====
The High Court Judges Conditions of Service Act, 1954, as amended shall be read down as under, in para 10 of the First Schedule, the words and who has retired on or after the 1st day of October, 1974 are unconstitutional and are struck down. Omitting the unconstitutional part it is declared that the Judges including the Chief Justices of the High Court are entitled to pension as companyputed under the provisions of the Act. The Allahabad High Court has held that The High Court judges conditions of service Act is unconstitutional and that the judges who have retired from the service of the Supreme Court on or before 1st October 1974 are not entitled to the pension. It is further held that the Act must be read as amended to include the Chief Justice of High Court as a member of the Court. The Act was amended by virtue of section 2(1) of the . The Act provides that the Chief Judges shall be deemed to have retired in respect of the date of retirement of the Chief Judge. The provisions of section 3(2) provide that no Chief Justice shall retire from the post of Chief Justice until the date on which he has retired. Section 4(1)(a) empowers the Chief justices to retire on the date when they have retired. The
Both `max_new_tokens` (=256) and `max_length`(=142) seem to have been set. `max_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)
Both `min_new_tokens` (=128) and `min_length`(=56) seem to have been set. `min_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)

===== ILTUR_CJPE:1982_82 =====
The respondent was appointed a Judge of the High Court of Punjab and Haryana and retired on March 18, 1980 on attaining the age of 62 years. On the date of retirement the respondent had to his credit earned leave which had been availed of by him. He claimed that he was entitled to receive the cash equivalent of leave salary in respect of the period of unutilised earned leave. He also claimed dearness allowance for the period before retirement. The claim being denied, the respondent applied to the High court for relief under Article 226 of the Constitution. The High Court allowed the writ petition and held that the respondent, a retired Judge, entitled to the payment of the cash equal of the leave salary for the unutilized earned leave by giving him the benefit of rule 20-B, All India Services Leave Rules, 1955 by virtue of rule 2 of High Court Judges Rules, 1956. During the companyrse of the hearing, the Union of India companyceded the claim to dearness allowances in view of the order dated July 3, 1980 of the Government that the Judges of the high courts were entitled to draw dearness Allowance from December 1, 1979. As to the remaining claim the respondent was held to be entitled to pay the cash
Both `max_new_tokens` (=256) and `max_length`(=142) seem to have been set. `max_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)
Both `min_new_tokens` (=128) and `min_length`(=56) seem to have been set. `min_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)

===== ILTUR_CJPE:1984_108 =====
The judges of the high companyrt and of the supremecourt will be entitled to the pensionary benefits under the amended Act of 1976 irrespective of the dates of their retirement. The arrears of pension calculated under the provisions of the new Act will be paid to those to whom it is due within four months from today. In the case of judges who have died after 1.10.1974, the amounts due will be given to the legal heirs of the judges. The family pension due to the widows will be calculated and paid to them. The petitioners petitioners have filed writpetitions in this Court under article 32 of the companystitution. The respondents have also filed writ petitions under article 2(1) of the Indian Companies (Amendment) Act, 1976. The writ petitions were dismissed by the High Court. The High Court held that the petitioners were not entitled to pension under the amending Act. The Supreme Court, therefore, allowed the writ petitions. In appeal to this Court it was contended on behalf of the respondents that: (i) the respondents had no right to challenge the validity of the order of the Supreme Court in respect of the pension of judges under the Amending Act and (ii) there was nothing in the
Both `max_new_tokens` (=256) and `max_length`(=142) seem to have been set. `max_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)
Both `min_new_tokens` (=128) and `min_length`(=56) seem to have been set. `min_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)

===== ILTUR_CJPE:2014_133 =====
The petitioners have prayed that the number of years practiced as an advocate shall be taken into account and shall be added to the service as a Judge of the High Court for the purpose of determining the maximum pension permissible under Part-I of the First Schedule to the High Courts Judges Salaries and Conditions of Service Act, 1954 in short the HCJ Act. The petitioners also prayed that they should also be given enhanced allowance for domestic help peon driver, telephone expenses and other secretarial assistance. Dismissing the petitions, the Court, HELD: (1) The Constitution of India provides for three-tier judicial system. The Union Judiciary established and Constitution of Supreme Court of India Articles 124 to 147 The High Courts in the States Articles 214 to 231 and Subordinate Courts Article 233 to 237 . The Constitution also provides for appointment of Judges from amongst the members of the Bar at all the three levels. The appointment of the Judges of the Supreme Court is governed by Article 124 3 , a , b and c of the Constitution. It envisages appointment from three sources i from amongst Judges of High Court having service of at least five years ii the members Of the Bar having a standing of number less than 10 years and ii any person, in the opinion of the
Both `max_new_tokens` (=256) and `max_length`(=142) seem to have been set. `max_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)
Both `min_new_tokens` (=128) and `min_length`(=56) seem to have been set. `min_new_tokens` will take precedence. Please refer to the documentation for more information. (https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/text_generation)

===== ILTUR_CJPE:2012_544 =====
Section 23D of the High Court Judges Salaries and Conditions of Service Act, 1954 provides for medical facilities for retired Judges. A retired officer of the Central Civil Services, Class I and his family are entitled to medical facilities under the Central Government Health Scheme for short the CHGS Scheme. Justice S.C. Malte and four other retired Judges who after retirement were residing in Aurangabad, Maharashtra, addressed a letter to the Chief Justice of the Bombay High Court mentioning therein the difficulties of the retired Judges in getting the facilities under CGHS Scheme including the fact that the facilities thereunder were provided at only three cities in Maharashtra, namely, Mumbai, Nagpur and Pune. The letter was treated as suo motu writ petition No.6285 of 2005 and an order was passed by the High court on 17.07.2006 directing the Government of Maharashtra to frame rules for medical treatment and reimbursement of retired Judges of Bombay High Courts. The Government drafted the Maharashtra Retired High Court Judge 's Facilities for Medical Treatment Rules, 2006, and placed the Draft Rules of 2006 before High Court. The amicus curiae appearing for the writ petitioners, however, suggested a change in the draft Rules and the change was that the retired judges shall be entitled